What should I do in the snow?
When I was throwing, the snow was getting heavier.
I tried to get rid of it, but I found bamboo shoots.
I was crying and saw bamboo shoots.
There is no such thing as a bamboo shoot diary.
Getting a bamboo shoot in the middle of the snow is also a special feature of parents' high school.
I felt it again.
I feel it when the weather is dangerous. It's unfair.
There is a man called Kakkyo in the fifth volume.
He has a lot of parents and a lot of children.
He is a new person.
What is a new person?
Is a poor person a new person?
Or is he rich?
It's not a cicada.
He said that he couldn't do enough when he had children.
He went to the mountains with his children to see the parents.
He did something pitiful.
I'm impressed that you know that you are pitiful.
I'm happy to bury it.
There is nothing to be happy about.
When I hit it, I cry.
When I put it in, I laugh.
When I put it in, I sneeze.
I can't mix it.
I dig it because there is something that hits the tip of the bamboo.
I found a gold pot.
I found a hard thing.
When I found a hard thing, I felt it again.
I felt it again.
He is a poor person.
He has been living with his children for four years.
His father is sleeping.
He can't buy a house in the summer.
He got a drink from a nearby bar.
He became a poor person.
He put his clothes on his father's bed and sprayed alcohol on his body.
What did he do?
He likes alcohol.
He is doing it all day.
If he has a bad mouth, he doesn't suck his father's blood.
He sat on the pillow and said,
I'm hungry.
He said,
He was killed.
But the higher-ups told him he would be dreamed of not picking up a single squid.
So the squid would have low.\
He said,
Maybe I shouldn't talk so hard because I'm hungry.
So he went to the restaurant.
He also goes to the restaurant.
He is happy all by himself.
I'm not used to the weather.
What are you talking about?
But you shouldn't drink alcohol.
If you die, you'll have to go up two floors and drink alcohol on the second floor.
What will you do if you drink alcohol on the second floor?
You'll have to go up two floors to drink alcohol.
You'll have to go up to the top and drink the first floor.